feature: tagged resource limits (#379)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/usage.rst

                                    Default is 400.
=================================== =================================================================

The administrator can also set limits for specific tagged host and storage
resources for an account or domain. Such tags must be specified in the following
global settings:

> - resource.limit.host.tags -  A comma-separated list of tags for host resource limits. It applies to resource types - User VM, CPU, Memory.
> - resource.limit.storage.tags - A comma-separated list of tags for storage resource limits. It applies to resource types - Volume, Primary storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resource.limit.host.tags` -  A comma-separated list of tags for host resource limits. It applies to resource types - User VM, CPU, Memory.
- `resource.limit.storage.tags` - A comma-separated list of tags for storage resource limits. It applies to resource types - Volume, Primary storage.
```

Reviewer: This makes the documentation look better.

The limits for tagged resources are a subset of the overall limits and the maximum
can be the value of the overall limit for the particular resource type.

|accountlimits.png|

The administrator can view used and available capacity of such tagged resource

> alongwith the overall capacities in the zone and cluster view in the UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
along with the overall capacities in the zone and cluster view in the UI.
```
